= github-v3-api

This library provides Ruby object access to the GitHub v3 API. It's designed to
play friendly with web apps that use OAuth2 via GitHub and need to access github
repositories without needing to configure or store a specific user's GitHub
credentials in the application itself.

== CLI Testing

Because this library requires an OAuth2 access token from GitHub, you will need
to obtain such a token in order to do command-line testing of the library via
IRB. To that end, a template sinatra application is included in the source at
<tt>get_access_token_sinatra_app.rb.template</tt>. You will need to copy that
file to <tt>get_access_token_sinatra_app.rb</tt> (drop the .template) and
replace YOUR_APP_ID and YOUR_APP_SECRET with the values for a GitHub application
that you can create at https://github.com/account/applications/new (for the URL
and Callback URL options, enter http://localhost:4567 and
http://localhost:4567/auth/github/callback respectively.)

Then just run <tt>ruby get_access_token_sinatra_app.rb</tt> and point your web
browser at http://localhost:4567 whereupon you will be prompted to authorize
your app at GitHub. If you allow it, you will be presented with an access token
that you can then copy and paste in where needed.

*WARNING*:: Because getting Ruby's openssl library to verify certificates properly
            on OSX is such a pain, this script disables certificate
            verification. If someone knows of a good way to fix this in a way
            that doesn't require every user on OSX to have fits, please, please
            fix it and send me a pull request.

== Contributing to github-v3-api
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented
  or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it
  and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to
  have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please
  isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 John Wilger. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

